I am really interested in artificial intelligence and saw it as an opportunity to learn more about it even though I study philosophy.
I wanted to be challenged academically speaking
I thought it would be a good opportunity to come into contact with other likeminded people
I wanted to learn more about artificial intelligence in a context that is broader than just the computer-science part
It offered an interdisciplinary education which I am really interested in
I thought it would look good on my CV
An interdisciplinary education would give unique career opportunities
I was thinking that the other students would be driven and interested which would contribute to a unique study experience and environment
It seemed like an interesting addition to my studies
I wanted to learn more about artificial intelligence. I think recent developments in the field are super exciting and I want to be updated on what’s going on. 
I chose the program to be able to get to know ambitious students from the other faculties. I wanted this both to get to know many different types of people and also to be challenged with perspectives outside my area of expertise.
I wanted to join the program because a friend of mine went to honours and she had a really good experience.
I chose the program because I was hoping it would give me connections I can use in building a career in academia both through the extra lectures we get to participate in and through getting to know other ambitious students I could collaborate with in the future.
I chose it because it seemed somewhat interesting, and I had the grades to get in. I thought what do I have to lose? Worst case scenario I drop out and continue a regular bachelor.
I joined because I was hoping the extra lectures would challenge me academically something a regular bachelor might not achieve.
I wanted to join because I’ve heard the student life in the honours program was better than the average at UiO.
I wanted to get the help of the mentor. I intend to pursue an academic career and I thought getting advice from someone already well-experienced in navigating academia would be invaluable.
  I chose it because I wanted to become a member of a group of talented students. I think the environment one is in contribute very alot to one’s work and also personality.
Difficult to enter so I wanted to challenge myself.
My friends chose it and I wanted to join hem
I like that it is interdisiplinary.
I heard good rumours about the studyprogram.
I wanted to challenge myself.
It’s name seemed very good and I wanted to strengthen my CV.
I wanted a mentor throughout the three years of the program.